Hello,
everyone.
Welcome to my new course model Landeck shall scripting a practical approach to learn on
explore the Charlotte scripting.
Learning is important,
but most important is how to explore your learnings.
This goes model is designed in such a way that you can lunch politically as well as explore
the entire course model with various industrial projects and left session.
My name is Shaker Wilma on I'm this tucked off this course morning I'm having 13 years off
I t industy experience my skills are Lennox administration or omission with Charlotte
scripting Pull on and Sibon My passion is to create online job very inter and certified
courses.
So after the completion off this course model students can easily start creating a small
smallest Crips and can automate their environment as well.
They can start doing a smart work and save their time.
So who would be the target is to then any system admin can grind this course.
Marty,
let's discuss the course content.
What?
We're going to a lot on a T from this course model.
I was started from a very basic that is introduction off shell programming or shall
scripting So first of all,
we should know that what is best shell at the type of shells off level and Lennox about
shallow scripting Boesch Ellis Tabs craves whole uses home data CSI like dot bash,
profile,
RC,
and look out.
So these are the basic things we have discussed in my first section of this course model.
And also we have shown how to clear a simple shall escape how to start a script like,
What is the first line that is she buying?
What the meaning off she bang And how to do that,
setting off him script on debug a script as well Suppose have killed and my script.
But my script is not working at all.
I'm getting some error.
So I just want to know that where is the issue in my script and how to run my skip in a day
.
But more so,
All these things we have discussed in this first section the next section is the shell
variables on environment that is a vest variable environmental variable system wearables.
All these topics are critically,
but we have discussed all those top topics tragically as well as practical.
Lab session Israel assign values to system variable cell variables customized the shell.
Special environments certainly envy and export commands rules.
Simple script using eco common.
Because still,
this section we have this because only few common.
So I've found that how to kill this script using only the echo.
Come on.
And then we have discussed about the courting the types of coatings like double quoted,
single code back slash users Input.
Why keyboard read.
Come on.
I affairs the various lab session.
So in this section we have discussed all those topics.
The next one is very important.
That is automatic operations performing Automatic operations Kid and Intissar.
Very Bill Constant.
Very bills,
part name expansion,
wild cards created,
use Elias is and with various lab station.
So whatever the topic you can see here we have discussed East topic with the practice lab
session.
The next section is very important.
We have shown you how to create a simple escape which can automate the revalidation report
.
So,
you know,
till that section,
what would we have learnt?
We have explored with this section.
So in this section,
I have shown how to create a simple script which can be used to,
you know,
first the required information from all the soldiers,
which is presented my environment.
So while discussing this section,
we have discussed about the bash color writing color text.
Various course we have,
that is for the foreground.
Background checks last session on best color.
The skirts,
which can be used to fast the system information,
should do the script like Khan on final script,
that is,
you know,
to fetch the environmental report from a single click.
So that's a very important section.
So,
friend,
that's all.
There's the introduction about this course.
Morning.
I believe you're going to join this course.
Thanks.